# Restaurant-based-Sentiment-Analysis
Sentiment Analysis is the way toward deciding if a portion of writing is negative or positive. This piece of writing could be a tweet, review about a book, film, movie, restaurant and so on. The sentiment analysis is also known as opinion mining, in which the opinions, appraisals, emotions or attitude towards a topic, person or entity are analysed. The expressions can be classified as positive or negative. For example. “I really liked the garlic noodles of your restaurant “- this is a positive expression. The overall sentiment polarity shows a preference on service in the reviews, which might hint the customers to “self -select” the food they like. Natural language processing in artificial intelligence applications makes it easy to gather product reviews from a website and understand what consumers are actually saying as well as their sentiment in reference to a specific product. Companies with a large volume of reviews can actually understand them and use the data collected to recommend new products or services based on customer preferences. 
It tends to be utilized to recognize the client or consumer’s mentality towards a brand’s crucial factors, for example, tone, context, emotion and so forth. These sorts of reviews are equally important for both the consumers and the betterment of the service. From consumers perspective having a view over that service from other consumers is useful for him to get an overall idea of the product. On the other hand, owners or service providers use sentiment analysis to have view about the acceptance of their products or to analyse customer satisfaction and suggestions. But as we can assume it is a very lengthy and time-consuming approach to go through that huge number of reviews and manually analyse the sentiment of those contents. Using sentiment analysis, the overall result about the opinions and views can be obtained within seconds. It not only gives the owners an idea about the consumers, but it also gives them a better picture of how they stack up against their competitors’ company. Restaurant reviews are still in the form of text, customer reviews are included in the text mining category, the results of these data will be classified into two values, positive or negative. for pre-processing review data such as remove stop word, remove punctuation done with the help of Python.
